[Azure.Monitor.Ingestion] Add tests and update Readme (#34021)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.Ingestion/README.md

    RequestContent.Create(data)).ConfigureAwait(false);
```

### Upload custom logs as IEnumerable

> You can upload logs using either the `LogsIngestionClient.Upload` or the `LogsIngestionClient.UploadAsync` method. In these two methods, logs are passed in a generic IEnumerable type. Additionally, there is an UploadLogsOptions options parameter in which a serializer, concurrency, and EventHandler can be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upload logs using either the `LogsIngestionClient.Upload` or the `LogsIngestionClient.UploadAsync` method. In these two methods, logs are passed in a generic `IEnumerable` type. Additionally, there's an `UploadLogsOptions`-typed parameter in which a serializer, concurrency, and EventHandler can be set.
```

> You can upload logs using either the `LogsIngestionClient.Upload` or the `LogsIngestionClient.UploadAsync` method. In these two methods, logs are passed in a generic `IEnumerable` type. Additionally, there's an `UploadLogsOptions`-typed parameter in which a serializer, concurrency, and EventHandler can be set.

Reviewer 2: [nit] > Additionally, there's an `UploadLogsOptions`-typed parameter in which a 

-typed parameter should be typed parameter?

```C# Snippet:UploadLogDataIEnumerableAsync
var endpoint = new Uri("<data_collection_endpoint_uri>");
var ruleId = "<data_collection_rule_id>";
var streamName = "<stream_name>";

var credential = new DefaultAzureCredential();
LogsIngestionClient client = new(endpoint, credential);

DateTimeOffset currentTime = DateTimeOffset.UtcNow;

var entries = new List<Object>();
for (int i = 0; i < 100; i++)
{
    entries.Add(new Object[] {
        new {
            Time = currentTime,
            Computer = "Computer" + i.ToString(),
            AdditionalContext = i
        }
    });
}

// Upload our logs
Response response = await client.UploadAsync(ruleId, streamName, entries).ConfigureAwait(false);
```

### Upload custom logs as IEnumerable with EventHandler

> You can upload logs using either the `LogsIngestionClient.Upload` or the `LogsIngestionClient.UploadAsync` method. In these two methods, logs are passed in a generic IEnumerable type. Additionally, there is an UploadLogsOptions options parameter in which a serializer, concurrency, and EventHandler can be set. The default serializer is set to System.Text.Json, you can pass in the serializer you would like used. The MaxConcurrency sets the number of threads that will be used in UploadAsync method. The default value is 5 and this parameter is unused in the Upload method. The EventHandler is used for error handling. It gives the user the option to abort the Upload if a batch fails and access the failed logs and corresponding exception. Without the EventHandler, if an Upload fails an AggregateException will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can upload logs using either the `LogsIngestionClient.Upload` or the `LogsIngestionClient.UploadAsync` method. In these two methods, logs are passed in a generic `IEnumerable` type. Additionally, there's an `UploadLogsOptions`-typed parameter in which a serializer, concurrency, and EventHandler can be set. The default serializer is set to `System.Text.Json`, but you can pass in the serializer you would like used. The `MaxConcurrency` property sets the number of threads that will be used in the `UploadAsync` method. The default value is 5, and this parameter is unused in the `Upload` method. The EventHandler is used for error handling. It gives the user the option to abort the upload if a batch fails and access the failed logs and corresponding exception. Without the EventHandler, if an upload fails, an `AggregateException` will be thrown.
```
